Enhancement Controlled gates syntax sugar #1192 (#1196)
rigetti/pyquil: docs/source/basics.rst

   prog = Program(X(1).controlled(0))

To produce the doubly-controlled NOT gate (``CCNOT``) with
control qubits ``0`` and ``1`` and target qubit ``2`` you can stack

> the ``controlled`` modifier, or simply put a list of controlled qubits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``controlled`` modifier, or simply pass a list of control qubits
```
